Let me tell you something.
This thing is mine
No one wants to take it away
Hey, hey, you
Hey, I don't know how to abide by the rules of money
Now that the deal has been reached, the reason to go back on it
Court death, right?
This street is still up to my Huang family
Although I, Huang Xiang, am stupid
But I speak the rules and he wants to change my rules
I let you go around
Take it
Master Joe, you know
In a few days, Master Bai will hold the Hangcheng Construction Expo Conference
I'm missing a baby right now.
How about this happens to be sold to me?
I'll give you a high price
Okay, okay.
Qiu Liang, we are so developed
I can't just do it with such a good reward
Competitive price
Let's see the price.
I'm sorry, Master Huang
We are not selling this night pearl for the time being.
Excuse me?
Go hey hey hey
Sorry, sorry.
It's not for sale.
It's a good thing, what a pity